so the other day I went to one of the
official Stern ECDC pinball release
parties now unfortunately I showed up a
little late to the party so I wasn't
able to take place in a tournament which
was definitely a bummer however I went
back the next day and got a little
hands-on with the machine and I can say
that this is a highly detailed table the
Marquis definitely catches my eye and
this table just looks expensive it looks
like a high quality pinball machine the
play field is completely packed and I'm
gonna go as far as saying that this is a
perfect design and I say that because I
don't have any complaints I really don't
think they could have made this design
any better so I'm gonna say that it's a
perfect design other than the way the
pinball machine looks the next thing
that I noticed was how stereophonic the
sound is it just sounds great now
supposedly there's 12 well-known ac/dc
tracks inside the table I only heard a
few but they sound really good what I
really liked was all the little sample
ac/dc sounds that they have in a table
for example the Bell from hells bells
hey I think I heard that one quite a bit
and it sounds really cool this is a
faster playing table it's not the
fastest playing table I've ever come
across but it is a faster playing table
the ramps feel really good and I really
enjoyed the rotating cannon that you can
shoot the ball out of and they have like
this little button towards the top of
the machine that you can press to eject
the ball out I thought that was cool
definitely a nice touch the only thing
about the table that I wasn't really
feeling was the images that were on the
dot matrix display I thought they're
kind of boring and I think they could
have really done better with that you
know so you don't really notice it when
you're playing I noticed it because
that's me but yeah I think they could
have could've done a little better on
those collectors should probably beware
of this table because it might be one of
those tables that has a tendency to
break a lot and I say that because
before they could start the tournament
they had to repair one of the tables it
was broke before they even started the
tournament and a postponed the
tournament I think almost like a whole
hour so yeah you know this one might
take some maintenance quite a bit of
maintenance actually I don't know for
sure
that wasn't a good sign to me that it
was broke before the tournament as far
as comparing this table to other Stern
tables this table clearly blows the
Rolling Stones table out of the water I
didn't like that table I thought it was
kind of cheesy this one however is not
this one play is better is it better
than transformers yeah I think so
although I did think transformers was
okay I really enjoyed the Decepticon
mode on that table and whatnot but yeah
better than transformers it just has a
better design do I think this table is
better than Tron no I don't because you
know I like Tron more than I like ac/dc
yeah I know Tron is a movie and ac/dc is
a band but I just like Tron more than I
like ac/dc and I think that Stern really
nailed it when it came to the Tron table
but I also think that overall they
really nailed it with the ac/dc table
it's an excellent table and I feel it
pays homage to one of the most well
known rock bands of all time if you like
ac/dc or you like pinball or you like
both and I definitely think this one is
worth a player 10 I know that it's
definitely one of my personal favorite
pinball tables now and I'm gonna be
pumping a lot of quarters into this
thing
you